[Docs] colab notebook for chart (#618)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/changelog.d/20240807_005926_lingyi_zhang_add_colab_link.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Added

> - Google Colab notebook for users to experiment with the vizro-ai plot method without local setup ([#618](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/618))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Google Colab notebook for users to experiment with `VizroAI.plot` method without local setup ([#618](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/618))
```

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--

> ### Added

Reviewer: While strictly not a change for code, would this warrant an entry under added?
